Add conventions for types, study visits and death (#25)
thehyve/ohdsi-omop-pioneer: docs/conventions.md

### CDM Source
The name and location of the dataset are not captured in the `cdm_source` table.
A record is created in this table, with the ETL date, source extraction date, ETL reference, vocab version and OMOP CDM version.

> ### Death date

Reviewer: Just wondering: do we want to mention mapping to the observation table as well?

Author: No. Upon rereading the OMOP conventions on the death table, I do not think this is required.
> This field is the death date to be used in analysis, as determined by the ETL logic. Any additional information about a Person’s death is stored in the OBSERVATION table with the concept_id 4306655 or in the CONDITION_OCCURRENCE .
https://ohdsi.github.io/CommonDataModel/cdm60.html#PERSON

Author: But of course it will not hurt to leave it in for AB.

The death date is stored twice.
This redundancy is required for compatibility with both OMOP CDM v5 and v6.
To capture a death, we have to:

1. Create a record in the death table with at least the `person_id` and `death_date`. 
   This may also include the primary cause of death.
2. Update the person record and set the `death_datetime`. 
   If no time granularity available, use _00:00:00_ as the time component.

Contributory causes of death can be stored in the CONDITION table.

### Type concept
Every event table (e.g. condition_occurrence, observation) has a `_type_concept` field, which stores the record provenance.

> The main purpose to distinguish reliability of the record. A few types with increasing reliability:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main purpose is to determine the reliability of the record. A few types with increasing reliability:
```

Author: Awesome, thanks!
